= v1.3.0

* Added mention of Gemsmith gem to README.
* Updated Thor dependency to 0.x.x.
* Updated Thor+ dependency to 0.x.x.

= v1.2.0

* Specified Thor+ 0.3.0 version dependency.
* Added Travis CI support.
* Added the spec/tmp dir to .gitignore.
* Added Ruby encoding spec to the binary.
* Switched gemspecs to listing files via Ruby code rather than shelling out to Git.
* Removed the packaging of test files.

= v1.1.0

* Fixed bug with args, options, and config not being passed to super during CLI initialization.
* Removed the RubyGems requirement.
* Applied Gemsmith spec updates to README.
* Upgraded to Thor+ 0.2.0 and added the default_settings method.

= v1.0.0

* Fixed typo with info output.
* Upgraded to Ruby 1.9 and added Ruby 1.9 requirements.
* Upgraded to the new Gemsmith spec.
* Removed the Utilities module and switch to using Thor+ instead.
* Removed namespace placeholder.
* Moved the basic freshen and import methods into the PG object.

= v0.4.0

* Fixed stack dump during remigration cleanup if the generators directory didn't exist.
* Added a template for the remigration generator which provides a huge speed boost to the execution process.
* Added documentation to the remigrate generator.

= v0.3.0

* Fixed bug with remigrate execute process where migration generator would fail to build new migrations.

= v0.2.0

* Fixed issues with the remigration generator not merging in new migration changes and respecting order.
* Added the remigration generator and clean commands.
* Added the -F (fresh) command which aids in building a new database (including migration and seeding).
* Added the -m (migrate) command
* Added the -i (import) command.
* Renamed the remigration revert command to restore.
* Renamed the -R (remigrate) command to -M.
* Renamed the archive file to archive.dump instead of database.dump.
* Cleaned up all documentation.

= v0.1.0

* Initial version.
